The Language that the computer can understand is called Machine Language.
Magnetic Tape used random access method.
Twitter is an online social networking and blogging service.
Worms and trojan horses are easily detected and eliminated by antivirus software.
Dot-matrix, Deskjet, Inkjet and Laser are all types of Printers.
GNU / Linux is a open source operating system.
Whaling / Whaling attack is a kind of phishing attacks that target senior executives and other high profile to access valuable information.
Freeware is software that is available for use at no monetary cost.
IPv6 Internet Protocol address is represented as eight groups of four Octal digits.
The hexadecimal number system contains digits from 1 - 15.
Octal number system contains digits from 0 - 7.
MS Word is a hardware.
CPU controls only input data of computer.
CPU stands for Central Performance Unit.
It takes two memory locations (16 bits each) to store an address in the 8085 system.
A compiler is a translation program that converts high-level instructions into a set of binary instructions (machine code) for execution.
The control bus and memories share a bidirectional bus in a typical microprocessor system.
The language understood by the microprocessor is called assembly language.
A machine cycle is the time it takes a microprocessor to fetch and execute a complete instruction.
An address bus is also called a unidirectional bus.
A coprocessor is a microprocessor designed with a limited instruction set optimized to perform arithmetic operations very quickly.
To keep the number of IC pins to a minimum, the 8085 uses a multiplexed bus.
Machine language is independent of the type of microprocessor in a computer system.
A mnemonic is an English-like instruction that is converted by an assembler into a machine code for use by a processor.
Use keyboard keys to turn on the computer
ROM retains its contents even after the computer is turned off
Use POWER BUTTON to turn off the Computer
Keyboard lights blinks when the computer STARTS UP
RAM retains its contents even after the computer is turned off
Keyboard lights blink when computer SHUT DOWN